# Teamwork

## Team Canvas

![canvas](img/canvas.png)

---

## Belbin Roles

| Name  | Preferred   | Manageable  | Least Preferred |
|-------|-------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Kevin | CO, TW, SP  | SH, IMP, RI | PL, ME, CF      |
| Steve | TW, IMP, RI | CO, PL,SP   | CF, ME, SH      |
| Scott | TW, CF, IMP | SH, PL, SP  | CO, ME, RI      |
| Loyal | IMP, SH, SP | CO, PL, TW  | ME, RI, CF      |
| Kash  | IMP, CF, RI | SH, TW, SP  | PL, CO, ME      |
| Sam   | CO, ME, TW  | PL, IMP, CF | SH, RI, SP      |
| Jeff  | RI, TW, ME  | SP, CO, CF  | PL, SH, IMP     |

![belbin](img/belbin.png)

- **Source**: [https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles](https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles)

---

## Meeting Minutes

### September 15, 2022

> * 12:34 PM - 1:12 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Clarify requirements of the linGrow project.
> * Discuss options for implementing said requirements.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Resources

>> * Links for prototype made available to linGrow team.
>> * Dyslexia-friendly font example provided to linGrow team.
>> * Activities to be used for linGrow app provided by client.
>> * Clients wants us to find the suitable option for translation tool.

> ##### Requirements

>> * For video messaging, try to compromise between app performance and video quality.
>> * Pictograms mark important messages, since messanger (teachers, researchers) can't always rely on text-based communication.
>> * Text-to-speech is "next step" functionality.
>> * Researchers and teachers have messaging access to parents in their class.
>> * Parent can only receive messages.
>> * Admin can manage schools.
>> * Teachers can create groups of parents based on the classroom they belong to.
>> * Web app must be compatible with multiple languages, regardless of their writing directions.

> ##### Miscellaneous

>> * linGrow should be free to Parents, but fee could be charged to organizations?
>> * Parent grouping could be done through invite email or SMS.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Scan options for translation tools suitable for linGrow.
>> * Will need to analyze costs for each option.
>> * Need to form user stories.

---

### September 16, 2022

> * 3:30 PM - 4:50 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Discuss strategies for making Sprint 1 deliverable.
> * Form user stories.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Jeff
> * Kash
> * Loyal
> * Steve
> * Sam
> * Scott

#### Minutes

> ##### User Stories

>> * Formed 21 user stories total.

> ##### Sprint 1

>> * Discussed dividing workload for Sprint 1 contents.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Individual works over weekend for Sprint 1 items, if desired.

---

### September 19, 2022

> * 9:00 AM - 11:00 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda

> * Preparation for Sprint 1.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Scott
> * Loyal
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Sprint 1

>> * Detailed discussion regarding expected contents for Sprint 1 documentation.
>> * Formed Belbin team role matrix.
>> * Created template for Team Canvas.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Need to assign story points, and confirm MoSCoW placement of each user stories.
>> * Need to complete Belbin role matrix and Team Canvas.

> ##### Loyal, Kash

>> * Assigned to work on low-fidelity wireframe UI.

> ##### Steve

>> * Assigned to work on story map.

---

### September 20, 2022

> * 5:00 PM - 7:20 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Delegate tasks for Sprint 1 deliverable.
> * Complete teamwork activities.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Jeff
> * Kash
> * Loyal
> * Steve
> * Sam
> * Scott

#### Minutes

> ##### User Stories

>> * Assigned story points to each user story.
>> * Assigned MoSCoW category to each user story.

> ##### Teamwork

>> * Completed Belbin matrix and Team Canvas.

> ##### Software Design

>> * Delegated tasks for completing software design diagrams.
>> * Completed wireframe from Loyal and Kash presented to the team.

#### Action Items

> ##### Scott, Sam
 
>> * Assigned to work on major data elements diagram.

> ##### Jeff, Kevin

>> * Assigned to work on interaction sequence diagram.

> ##### Loyal, Kash

>> * Assigned to work on high-level architecture.

> ##### Steve

>> * Continue working on story map.

---

### September 21, 2022

> * 4:30 PM - 4:42 PM
> * Google Meet

> * 4:

#### Agenda

> * Review work-in-progress deliverables for Sprint 1 with TA.
> * Confirm remaining tasks with TA.
> * Complete miscellaneous tasks for Sprint 1.
> * Schedule second client meeting.

#### Attendee

> * Mohayemin (TA)
> * Loyal
> * Kash
> * Steve
> * Kevin
> * Scott
> * Sam

#### Minutes

> ##### Sprint 1 Review

>> * Reviewed current progress of the team with TA.

> ##### Software Design

>> * High-level architecture diagram completed.

> ##### Project Requirements

>> * Assigned workload for similar products and open source products.

#### Action Items

> ##### Steve

>> * Assigned to work on open source products for project requirements.

> ##### Kevin

>> * Assigned to work on similar products for project requirements.

> ##### Scott

>> * Assigned to create and deploy Github documentation page.

> ##### Jeff

>> * Assigned to work on executive summary.

> ##### Sam

>> * Assigned to email clients for possible date for second client meeting.

---

### September 23, 2022

> * 5:00 PM - 6:07 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Clarify confusions and discrepancies regarding UI.
> * Update Sprint 1 deliverable to the clients' updated specification.

#### Attendee

> * Jeff
> * Steve
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash
> * Kevin

#### Minutes

> ##### Requirements

>> * Researchers should be able to message teachers.
>> * Admin can group all users, and send group messages.

> ##### User Stories

>> * Updated user stories based as per clients' requirements.
>> * Updated MoSCoW and story points accordingly.

> ##### Software Design

>> * Interaction sequence updated.
>> * Major data elements updated.

> ##### Miscellaneous

>> * Story map fianlized.
>> * Discussed Mkdocs and producing Github documentation pages.

#### Action Items

> ##### Sam

>> * Updating user stories and creating acceptance tests.
>> * Update major data element diagram based on clients' updated requirements.

> ##### Jeff, Kevin

>> * Update interaction sequence diagram based on clients' updated requirements.

> ##### Kash, Loyal

>> * Adapt low-fidelity user interface for the Github documentation page.

> ##### Steve

>> * Complete story maps for Github documentation page.

> ##### Scott

>> * Assigned to search technical resources relevant for linGrow architecture.

---

### October 4, 2022

> * 12:00 PM - 12:44 PM
> Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Update the result of Sprint 1 to the clients.
> * Inform clients of the group's plan for the Sprint 2.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Sprint 1 Review

>> * Reviewed the documentation delivered for the Sprint 1, and received feedback.
>> * Walked through the low-fidelity wireframe UI with client, informing clients about functionalities that our groups have planned for the linGrow.

> ##### Sprint 2 Preview

>> * Confirmed with clients on what they can expect as the result of Sprint 2.

> ##### Feedback - Activities

>> * Activities should not be exclusive to the parent users.
>> * Parents' hub can be simplified with just chatroom accesses and activities.
>> * Parent, teachers, researchers should have access to simple English guidelines, as well as reminders to write in simple English.

> ##### Feedback - Would Like but Won't Have

>> * Parents can invite/communicate with teachers.
>> * Parents can communicate with admins.
>> * Admins may be able to invite teachers and parents, register them even if they are outside of any registered schools.
>>> * May create a separate “class” or database built for students not enrolled in a registered school.

> ##### Feedback - Parent/Children Database Schema

>> * We should account for many-to-many relationship with parents and children.
>>> * Many parents or guardians (father, mother, etc.) may be associated with single child, or multiple children may be associated with a single parent.
>> * If a child have multiple parent/guardian associated with them, there should be functionality to send message to all parents associated with that child.
>> * It should be possible to access all necessary information about parents, such as their child(ren), contact info, and possibly other parents' info.
>>> * This may be Would Like but Won't Have, depending on whether it would be possible to reference other IDs in the database. May require complex of forming the database schema.

> ##### Feedback - Clarifications

>> * Admin should be able to inform emergency info such as schoolbus delay, not just app updates.
>> * Admin manages a school, and linGrow team would act as "Super Admin" of sort.
>> * Teachers contact parents, but cannot contact other teachers.
>> * Researchers contact participants, who may be teachers or parents.
>> * Researchers should be able to ask permission from teachers before they can be contacted, similar to teachers sending invites to parents.
>> * Researchers need separate hub compared to teachers.
>>> * Researchers should have access to more permissions, and perhaps slightly different wordings.

> ##### Miscellaneous Requirements 

>> * Admin should be able to mass-create users from spreadsheet, rather than adding them one by one.
>> * Globe icon for language translation may be changed.
>> * Need some way of distinguishing children and parents.
>> * Teacher-parent chatrooms should have tags to distinguish which chatroom belongs to which school.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Follow-through on the clients' clarifications, modify and update design diagrams if needed.
>> * Scheduled next client meeting on October 11, 2022.
>>> * Prepare rough deliverables until then.

---

### October 7, 2022

> * 6:00 PM - 6:54 PM
> Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Update each others' progress.
> * Form plans for next week before Sprint 2 duedate.

#### Attendee

> * Kash
> * Loyal
> * Jeff
> * Scott
> * Kevin

#### Minutes

> ##### Progress Reports

>> * **Kash, Loyal**
>>> * Back-end framework for user account creation and authentication has been generated.
>> * **Scott**
>>> * Researched Google translation API for the text message and website translation.
>> * **Kevin, Jeff**
>>> * Wasn’t able to get much work done over the week, but is aiming to get most works (on admin functions) done during weekend.

> ##### Plan for Next Week

>> * Before client meeting next Tuesday (October 11, 2022), create rough front-end and back-end for demonstration.
>> * Before Sprint 2 due date on Saturday (October 15, 2022), deploy front- and back-end to Cybera instance.

#### Action Items

> ##### Kash, Loyal

>> * Deploy back-end framework to the Cybera instance.

> ##### Sam, Steve, Scott

>> * Complete front-end mockup for the Sprint 2 - must contain login and signup functionalities.

> ##### Jeff, Kevin

>> * Continue working on the CRUD functions for Admin's school groupings.

> ##### Steve

>> * Update Story Map to be consistent with Github issues' user stories.

---

### October 10, 2022

> * 4:15 PM - 5:00 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Progress check before client meeting on October 11, 2022.
> * Identify what aspect the group must work on for the Sprint 2 deliverable.

#### Attendee

> * Kash
> * Kevin
> * Sam
> * Steve
> * Scott

#### Minutes

> ##### Progress Report - Frontend

>> * Sam, Steve, and Scott shared mock login screen, dashboard (home screen), and logout functionality. 
>> * Sam modified frontend's user interface to be more aesthetically pleasing, and better modularized for future modifications.
>> * There are still bugs that needs to be fixed before Sprint 2.
>> * Should be possible to progress further once backend and frontend has been joined.

> ##### Progress Report - Backend

>> * Loyal reported API endpoint for the user creation functionality, including user creation, user password reset (with automated email), user login.
>> * Kevin and Jeff are continuing to work on the admin functionality, but wasn’t able to share the progress due to most of the work being done on Jeff’s Github branch.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Keep up the pace, continue bugfixes and work on integration of backend with frontend.

--- 

### October 11, 2022

> * 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Update client on the team's current progress and obtain feedback.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Feedback - Software Design

>> * Informed clients on the modularity of some of the websites' designs (such as logo), and clarified the framework being used for the development of LinGrow - for the future modification if needed.
>> * Different homepages for different users - similar to the prototype provided in the beginning of the project - would be preferable.
>> * Clarified some of the requirements that will be worked on for future sprint, such as website translation, messaging functionality, and message translation.

> ##### Feedback - Requirements

>> * User creation en-masse by the Admin using excel sheet is a must have.
>> * Activities should be accessible by all users, regardless of whether they are user of LinGrow or not.
>> * *Would like* an activity hub integrated within the LinGrow, but links leading to the activities page is sufficient for the project.
>>> * [https://bilingualacquisition.ca/covid-19-multilingual-families-talking-and-playing/](https://bilingualacquisition.ca/covid-19-multilingual-families-talking-and-playing/)

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams

>> * Schedule next meeting with the client once Sprint 2 is over - preferably in a timeframe where Jeff can also join.
>> * Stick to the assigned tasks, and complete Sprint 2 deliverable.

---

### October 14, 2022

> * 7:00 PM - 10:25 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Final checkup for the current state of Sprint 2 deliverable.
> * Triage of what requirements need to be satisfied before Sprint 2 due date.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Scott
> * Steve
> * Jeff
> * Loyal
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Backend-Frontend Integration

>> * Integrated current working versions of the frontend with the API endpoints for users.
>> * Ensured that members participating in the meeting has fully functional back- and front-end on their local machine.

> ##### Hackathon

>> * Remainder of the meeting was spent on modifying current codebase and test cases.

#### Action Items

> ##### Scott, Steve

>> * Ensure that issues relating to the frontend has been resolved by tomorrow, and all Sprint requirements are accounted for, including the test cases.

> ##### Jeff, Kevin

>> * Generate test cases for admin and school management functionality API.

> ##### Sam

>> * Update diagrams and documentation to reflect feedback from Sprint 1’s documentation.

> ##### Kash, Loyal

>> * Further fixes on user API endpoints.

---

### October 17, 2022

> * 9:00 AM - 10:50 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda

> * Demo Sprint 2 result.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Jeff
> * Loyal
> * Kash
> * Scott

#### Minutes

> ##### Sprint 2 Demo
>> * Demonstrated current state of the React frontend and its implemented functions (login, signup, dashboard).
>> * Demonstrated Django REST API endpoints implemented so far.
>>> * Profile and user management.
>>> * Admin functions and school management.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams
>> * Identified three areas that needs to be worked on - translation functionality, messaging functionality, and cybera deployment.
>> * Identified some point of confusion regarding data model.
>>> * Database constraint between children and parent, as well as children with other users.

---

### October 20, 2022

> * 3:00 PM - 3:54 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Demo current version of Sprint 2 deliverable to clients.
> * Clarify confusions regarding app's data model.
> * Receive feedback on detailed design.
> * Inform client of the team's plans regarding Sprint 3.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Feedback - Sprint 2 Frontend
>> * Reported current progress with the frontend to clients (login/signup/dashboard).
>> * Communicated that backend APIs are more advanced than frontend at the moment.

> ##### Feedback - Detailed Design
>> * "Activities" should have clearer name, such as "Language Activities".
>> * Furthermore, all activities should be organized under their own separate page.
>> * On the language dropdown menu, it would be useful for each language to be in their home language.
>> * There should be a language select page before login/signup.
>> * Classroom could be organized by name - e.g. Grade 1 Section B.
>> * Each element of the webpage could be larger in general.

> ##### Feedback - Requirements
>> * As a teacher/researcher/admin, it should be possible to retrieve parents by searching childrens' name.
>> * Admin should have access to all functionalities other users have, including individual messages to all user types.

> ##### Feedback - Miscellaneous
>> * Researchers do not belong to a school.
>> * Should it be possible to pin important messages?
>> * Should it be possible to have more than one 'chatroom' with the same person?
>> * Should parents be able to respond in the group messages?

#### Action Items

> ##### Scott, Sam, Steve
>> * Continue working on the frontend.
>>> * Modify frontend UI to reflect detailed design.
>>> * Implement translation functionalities.
>>> * Rewrite test cases.

---

### October 24, 2022

> * 9:00 AM - 10:50 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda

> * Identify what has been done during the past week, and what needs to be worked on.
> * Assign tasks for each member of the team.

#### Attendee

> * Loyal
> * Kash
> * Steve
> * Sam
> * Kevin
> * Scott

#### Minutes

> ##### Weekly Standup
>> * Translation functionality implemented to the frontend.
>>> * Will need to move the functionality to the backend later, but it shall remain in the frontend for Sprint 3.

#### Action Items

> ##### Scott, Steve
>> * See if it's possible to fix quirks in translation results before client meeting.
>> * Rewrite test cases from Jest to other webdriver-driven language.

> ##### Sam
>> * Continue redesigning the frontend UI as outlined in the detailed design.

> ##### Loyal, Kash
>> * Deployment of Django REST API backend to Cybera.

---

### October 27, 2022

> * 3:00 PM - 3:34 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Demo work-in-progress Sprint 3 deliverable to clients, and receive feedback.
> * Update our current progress with the Sprint 3, and report what we plan to implement by the end of Sprint 3.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash

#### Minutes

> ##### Feedback - Frontend
>> * Scott demonstrated Google cloud API translation to clients.
>>> * There seems to be an accuracy issue with the data retrieved from Google cloud API.
>>> * It would be great to be able to have hard-coded translation result for 10 most common languages in Canada.
>> * Loyal and Kash reported their progress on the messaging functionalities to clients.
>>> * For messaging, it would be beneficial to have access to original message along with translated message, in case there is an error with the translation.
>>> * Maybe a warning or caution message notifying users of possible translation errors?
>> * Sam presented work-in-progress design of the frontend to clients.
>>> * Issue with logo's design clashing with the background colour.
>>> * Colour scheme to be decided by clients.

> ##### Feedback - Requirements
>> * Parents and teachers should be able to assign themselves to the classroom.
>>> * There should be "change classroom" functionality, in case teachers and/or parents assign themselves to wrong classroom.

#### Action Items

> ##### Loyal, Kash
>> * Continue working on implementation of the message functionalities to the backend.

> ##### Steve
>> * Design and implement UI for the message functionality.

> ##### Sam, Kevin
>> * Redesign and expand frontend to include dashboards depending on different user types.

> ##### Scott
>> * Continue writing webdriver test cases for frontend pages.

---

### October 31, 2022
> * 9:00 AM - 10:50 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda
> * Demo Sprint 3 result.

#### Attendee
> * Jeff
> * Kash
> * Kevin
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Steve

#### Minutes

> ##### Dashboard Elements
>> * Custom dashboard for each user types.
>> * Needs validator to make sure user cannot simply access these elements with right URL.

> ##### Chat Functionalities
>> * Chat functionalities with HTML testing interface.
>> * Able to send messages from one user to another, with each messages saved on backend.

#### Action Items

> ##### Loyal, Kash
>> * Refine chat functionalities and group management API endpoints, create group chat.

> ##### Steve, Jeff
>> * Design frontend UI for chats and group chat once completed.

> ##### Sam, Kevin
>> * Modify frontend to be able to handle mobile devices.

> ##### Scott
>> * Implement page caching and glossary functionality, modify language list to be in native language.

---

### November 3, 2022

> * 3:00 PM - 3:26 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda

> * Demo finished Sprint 3 product to the client, and report our progress.
> * Ask questions and clarify implementation details.

#### Attendee

> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Scott
> * Kash
> * Jeff

#### Minutes

> ##### Demo - Chat
>> * Kash and Loyal demonstrated backend chat functionality using HTML testing frontend.

> ##### Demo - Dashboard
>> * Frontend has multiple dashboards, advanced translation API integration.

> ##### Feedback & Clarifications
>> * It shouldn't be necessary to have groups within another group, although it is possible that a single teacher may possess multiple groups (grade 1, grade 2, grade 3, etc.).
>> * Maximum upper bound for users is estimated to be around 5000.
>>> * It is unlikely that numbers of concurrent users will be that high, but it should be able to handle multiple users.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams
>> * Continue with assigned tasks from Monday's lab meeting.

---

### November 12, 2022

> * 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
> * Google Meet

#### Agenda
> * Progress report before the Monday's lab meeting.

#### Attendee
> * Scott
> * Loyal
> * Sam
> * Steve
> * Jeff

#### Minutes

> ##### Frontend Update
>> * Translation call has been moved to the backend.

> ##### Backend Update
>> * Models for group management backend API is now complete.

#### Action Items

> ##### All Teams
>> * Refine code before meeting on Monday, November 14th.

---

### November 14, 2022

> * 9:00 AM - 10:50 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda

> * Progress update before Sprint 4 due date.
> * Identify what aspect of the project needs to be prioritized.

#### Attendee

> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Jeff
> * Scott
> * Loyal
> * Sam (Virtual)

#### Minutes

> ##### Frontend Updates
>> * All Google-cloud based translation API call has been moved to the backend, rather than calling directly from frontend.
>> * Language list is now written in their native language rather than English names.
>> * Pages now use caching.

> ##### Backend Updates
>> * Backend API calls for Group management functionalities has been completed.

#### Action Items
> ##### Kash, Loyal
>> * Continue working on group chat functionalities.

> ##### Jeff
>> * Start implementing new test cases for frontends.

> ##### Scott, Kevin, Steve, Sam
>> * General frontend works.

---

### November 21, 2022
> * 9:00 AM - 10:50 AM
> * CSC B-10

#### Agenda
> * Sprint 4 demo meeting.
> * Update each other's progress and identify what needs to be worked on.

#### Attendee
> * Scott
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Kash

#### Minutes
> ##### Group Management Interface
>> * Group creation and viewing group info works. 
>> * But, currently unable to remove users or add new users to the group. 
>> * The backend API endpoint already exists.

> ##### User Info Page
>> * Sometimes does not display information unless the user refresh the page.
>> * Will need to add password reset functionality, since backend API endpoint for that function already exists.

> ##### Chat functionality
>> * Curently facing trouble with timestamp for chat messages being defaulted into user’s current system time rather than time the message was sent.
>> * The chat functionality still needs to be tied into the webapp.
>> * Needs to keep UI consistent between the webapp and current chat UI.

#### Action Items
> ##### Frontend
>> * Manage school API - integrate to frontend.
>> * Mass add user API - integrate to frontend.
>> * Add some error messages in case.
>> * Edit group members (add/remove).
>> * Admin search/manage users.

> ##### Testing Cases
>> * Frontend:
>>> * User management pages.
>>> * User profile pages.
>>> * Admin manage/search user page (once implemented).
>> * Backend:
>>> * Search users API
>>> * Group management API

> ##### Deployment
>> * Need to integrate frontend and backend.
>> * Frontend deployment on Cybera instance.

> ##### Client Meeting
>> * Language learning activities - any preferences to put on the page, or just link to website?
>> * Client meeting scheduled for November 24, 2022 at 3:00 PM.

> ##### Miscellaneous
>> * Create documentation for people who’ll be working later on our project.

---

### November 29, 2022
> * Google Meet
> * 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM

#### Agenda
> * Update Sprint 5 progress to our client.
> * Communicate which part of the app is still under construction.

#### Attendee
> * Dr. Andrea McLeod (Client)
> * Dr. Catrine Demers (Client)
> * Kevin
> * Steve
> * Loyal
> * Scott
> * Kash
> * Jeff

#### Minute
> ##### Demonstration
>> * Mass user addition through .csv file, presented by Scott.
>> * Chat translation API in action, presented by Loyal.
>> * User manual draft, presented by Jeff.

> ##### Client Feedbacks
>> * What would the final product look like, once handed over?
>>> * The final product will be deployed on Cybera, there will be a documentation available to implement on their own cloud server if needed.
>> * Client would like some small scale piloting in their own lab with 8 different languages.
>> * Hoping to find someone to build on the project in next 6 months starting in january, and us team members could serve as bridge of communication.
>> * Will need to create more technical documentation for admin using the app.
>> * Some team members may be available for co-author for (non peer-reviewed) paper? 
>>> * Previous example: [https://era.library.ualberta.ca/items/0f30817e-d937-42b1-9588-36c3c90623c2](https://era.library.ualberta.ca/items/0f30817e-d937-42b1-9588-36c3c90623c2)
>>> * This will drafted as a bigger group, set some deadlines (January 20th for example), will keep us in the loop.

--- 